- [Instructor] The next step will be
to write the OrderSeviceImpl class,
that's the server stub implementation.
And that is going to take the data from the database
and convert it into proto objects.
So let's go back to the IDE, and I will add a new class
in the service package,
which is the OrderSeviceImpl.
And this as usual, we'll extend the OrderServiceGrpcs
in a class, which is the ImplBase.
And on line seven, I will just type in the name
of the method that I have to implement.
That is getOrdersForUser.
The arguments are the same that we saw
when we were trying to implement the user service.
So there's order request, and there's a stream observer
for the order response.
Let's eliminate line number 12,
we don't need the super call.
So what we're going to do,
we are going to call this database method,
get the list of orders
and convert that list of domain object orders
from a list of proto object orders.
So let's do that.
For that, on line nine, I will first create an instance
of the OrderDao, so that it is created at the class level
instead of creating it inside the method.
Because if you do it inside the method,
will end up creating a new instance every time
for every request.
We don't want that.
Okay, and then let's come on line 14
and say List of Order that is the com.shopping.db Order.
Let's give this variable a name and let's grab
that orderDao object and call the getOrders method.
The parameter to this method will be the userId
that we can get from the request object like that.
So what we essentially did is we call the getOrders method
and the return value of this method
is a list of the domain order objects.
So we collected that in a list of orders variable.
The next big step here will be to transform
the order domain object into the order proto object.
But there's an additional step because this is a list.
So what we do is we use a streaming API in Java.
We'll take every order domain object from the list
on line 17, transform it into an order proto object,
and then we'll finally make a list of those proto objects.
That is what we will do.
So let's do that.
Let's say orders.stream.map.
And for every order, what we're going to do,
we're going to take the order proto object this time
which is this one, com.shopping.stubs.order.
Let's call the builder on it
because that's what proto objects are to be used with,
the builder pattern as we saw earlier.
And what do we do, we set each of the fields.
So let's start with userId.
How are we going to get the userId?
Which is order.getUserId.
The next one will be orderId, let's say orderId.
And that will, of course, come again
from the order domain object.
Next one will be set number of items.
Let's grab that too.
The next one will be the amount, let's set that.
And then we have the order date.
Now this order date is going to be the timestamp type
that we defined in the proto file
but the order date type in the domain object is
the java.util.Date.
So we'll have to do that transformation.
It is very simple to do that.
We can use one of the utility classes
from the protobuf foo package, that is called Timestamps.
So we're going to use that
and we're going to transform this.
So I'll say Timestamps, which is this class,
dot fromMillis, that's the method that we want to use.
And to this, we'll feed the order domain object date
in milliseconds.
So we get the order date
and getTime will give us the Timestamp.
So that will be converted
to the Timestamp type in the proto object.
Let's build this.
And additionally, let's also collect this set
of orders into a list.
So I'm going to say Collectors.toList.
There we go.
Let's also extract this
into the variable of the correct type.
So I go on line 21, and here I'll say list of this time,
this will be the shopping stubs order.
There's an error here.
Sorry, this will be com.shopping.order class.
Yeah, that is the one we want.
So, basically we streamed the database orders,
map each order object into the order proto object
and then finally made a list of those proto objects.
That is what we did here.
The next step will be to bundle this list
in the order response object,
and then we can send that through the response observer.
So let's do that.
Let's take orderResponse.
Let's call the builder for this, newBuilder,
and there will be a method available
which will say addAllOrder.
So that method will help you add the entire list in one go.
So I'm going to that ordersForUser list that we created
on line 21, feed it to the addAllOrder method,
and, of course, we need to build this object as well.
So we do that.
Once done, let's grab the responseObserver
and call the onNext method and send out the orderResponse.
And then to complete the Grpc call
we need to call the onCompleted method.
So that is what we did.
In the service implementation,
we basically ended up just transforming
the domain object data to the proto objects,
but please understand
that this is a service implementation class.
So in your real time project
you may have a lot of other business logic
and that will also sit in the same class.